good strategies would be to again empathize. I typically would make routine
rounds with the team, so I would come in, you know, in the morning,
right before lunch after lunch sometime in the evening and be
present during special evolutions. If you know your your team has, say,
evolution to training evolution, you might want to be around for
Be around for the meetings. Bill around. Just be there. Be be around.
It adds your input when it's needed. Sometimes you'll have toe play.
What I call would be the sword in the shield. Well, they might need
someone to speak up for them to a senior, And you might be there
might be that guy to take the sword and go out and do what you need
to do and speak for them. But at the same time, if something happens,
that's, um, like, not so good for your your team as, say, a training
evolution didn't go is playing. You need to be there to defend them,
but how would you defend him if you're not there?